fix import for react-use (#5408)
tinacms/tinacms: .changeset/stupid-radios-jump.md

---
'@tinacms/starter': patch
'@tinacms/graphql': patch
'next-2024': patch
'tinacms': patch
---

Fixes for React 19 support

>  - change react-use import statements to default import method

Reviewer: **issue**: Consistent capitalization.

```suggestion
 - Change react-use import statements to default import method
```

---
'@tinacms/starter': patch
'@tinacms/graphql': patch
'next-2024': patch
'tinacms': patch
---

> fix import react-use to default import

Reviewer 2: can this be more descriptive - it is being included in the What's New page
if it enables React 19 support, don't bury the headline

Author: i still not sure if this is last fixes for react 19 support atm, but this is one of the fixes for support react 19. 

✅ Rewrite the change log

> Fixes for React 19 support - fix import react-use using default import method

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixes for React 19 support
 - change react-use import statements to default import method
```

Author: will add that in the changeset, the changes is because the API is deprecated e.g. "<Transition.Child>"
